React/Setting Up A React Environment: Add additional resources (#27235)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/introduction/setting_up_a_react_environment.md

1. Try to clean up your `my-first-react-app` project so that it no longer displays the default page, see if you can get it to display a "Hello, World!" message instead.

</div>

### Knowledge check

This section contains questions for you to check your understanding of this lesson on your own. If you’re having trouble answering a question, click it and review the material it links to.

- [What are some of the ways we can start a new React project?](#many-paths)
- [Why should we initially be using pre-made toolchains instead of making our own?](#many-paths)
- [What is Vite and why would we use it?](#simplifying-the-process)
- [What command can we run to scaffold a new React project using Vite?](#creating-a-react-app)
- [What is in the `public` folder?](#delving-deeper)
- [What is in the `src` folder?](#delving-deeper)
- [Why are the React Developer Tools useful?](#developer-tools)

### Additional resources

This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

> - [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMbqi1HPprc) is a helpful guide on how to set up Prettier inside your Vite-React projects.

Author: Hi @thatblindgeye, it essentially covers setting up Prettier with a React project properly, so probably more of a "nice to have" more than anything. I just felt it helped contextualise the set up process abit. 

It seems however the PR #27423 could well render that addition less relevant.

> - [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMbqi1HPprc) is a helpful guide on how to set up Prettier inside your Vite-React projects.

Reviewer: @scottwright-dev If you find it helpful to have an optional visual reference for how to set them up together I won't block it, so I'll leave it up to you on its relevancy/usefulness. If you would like to keep it, let's just update the it to:

```suggestion
- [Vite React App with EsLint & Prettier in VSCode (2023)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMbqi1HPprc) is a helpful video guide on how to set up Prettier inside your Vite-React projects.
```
